com.android.vending.billing.IMarketBillingService
com.android.vending.billing.IMarketBillingService$Stub
com.android.vending.billing.IMarketBillingService$Stub$Proxy
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.BatteryStateDisplayActivity
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.BatteryStateDisplayActivity: BatteryStateDisplayActivity()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$PurchaseState: com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$PurchaseState[] values()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$PurchaseState: com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$PurchaseState valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$ResponseCode: com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$ResponseCode[] values()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$ResponseCode: com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.Consts$ResponseCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$array: int pref_list_batteryestimationmethod_names
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$array: int pref_list_batteryestimationmethod_values
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$array: int pref_list_theme_names
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$array: int pref_list_theme_values
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_00_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_01_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_02_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_03_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_04_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_05_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_06_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_07_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_08_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_09_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_10_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_11_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_12_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_13_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_14_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_15_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_16_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_17_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_18_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_19_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_20_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_21_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_22_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_23_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_24_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_25_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_26_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_27_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_28_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_29_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_30_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_31_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_32_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_33_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_34_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_35_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_36_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_37_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_38_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_39_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_40_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_41_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_42_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_43_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_44_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_45_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_46_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_47_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_48_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_49_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_50_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_51_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_52_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_53_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_54_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_55_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_56_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_57_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_58_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_59_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_60_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_61_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_62_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_63_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_64_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_65_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_66_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_67_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_68_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_69_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_70_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_71_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_72_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_73_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_74_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_75_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_76_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_77_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_78_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_79_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_80_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_81_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_82_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_83_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_84_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_85_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_86_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_87_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_88_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_89_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_90_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_91_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_92_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_93_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_94_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_95_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_96_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_97_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_98_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_99_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$drawable: int ic_stat_z100_pct_charged
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$id: int menu_preferences
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$id: int tv_battery_pct
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$id: int tv_percentage_indicator
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$layout: int activity_batterystatedisplay
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$layout: int dialog_whatsnew
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$menu: int menu_main
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int app_name
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int app_version
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int dialog_text_cleardb_successfull
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int dialog_title_cleardb_successfull
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int dialog_title_whatsnew
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int not_available
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int notification_text_estimate
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int notification_title_remaining
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int percentage_indicator
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_about_summary_showlicence
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_about_title_showlicence
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_summary_about
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_summary_batstats
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_summary_debug
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_summary_display
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_title_about
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_title_batstats
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_title_debug
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_header_title_display
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_summary_change_batteryestimation
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_summary_clearstatsdb
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_summary_send_batterystats_db
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_summary_theme
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_title_about_whatsnew
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_title_change_batteryestimation
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_title_clearstatsdb
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_title_send_batterystats_db
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int pref_title_theme
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$string: int send_mail
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$style: int DarkTheme
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$style: int LightTheme
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$xml: int pref_about
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$xml: int pref_batterystatistics
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$xml: int pref_debug
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$xml: int pref_display
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.R$xml: int pref_headers
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.SettingsActivity
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.AboutPreferenceFragment
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.AboutPreferenceFragment$1
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.AboutPreferenceFragment$2
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.BatteryStatisticsPreferenceFragment
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.BatteryStatisticsPreferenceFragment$1
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.BatteryStatisticsPreferenceFragment$2
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.BatteryStatisticsPreferenceFragment$IncomingHandler
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.BatteryStatisticsPreferenceFragment$IncomingHandler$1
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.DebugPreferenceFragment
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.DebugPreferenceFragment$1
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.DebugPreferenceFragment$2
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.DebugPreferenceFragment$IncomingHandler
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.fragments.DisplayPreferenceFragment
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.receivers.BillingReceiver
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.receivers.BillingReceiver: BillingReceiver()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.receivers.BootCompletedReceiver: BootCompletedReceiver()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.services.BillingService
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.services.BillingService: BillingService()
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.services.MonitorBatteryStateService
com.halcyonwaves.apps.energize.services.MonitorBatteryStateService: MonitorBatteryStateService()
